jasper sanded the shelf and the carpenter scratched the paint off the doors .
the waitress polishes the cutlery and the waiter covers the table in the restaurant .
elise broke her leg and her masseur sprained his thumb when he fell during training .
the cook prepares the salad and the waitress decorates the table in the large dining room .
lucy cuts the meat and the host fillets the fish during christmas dinner .
the applicant irons his trousers and his sister wipes a fluff from his tie .
the woman designs the flyer and the printer makes the posters for the neighbourhood party .
the apprentice bakes the cake and the baker makes twelve loaves of bread for the upcoming holidays .
the helmsman repairs the mainsail and the skipper paints the mast of the battered sailboat .
the nun books the hotel and the receptionist rents a bus for the pilgrimage .
the editor reads the newspaper and the journalist opens a letter in the press room .
the woman opens the window and the cleaner unlocks the hatch on the outside .
the father digs the pond and the boy dredges through the soggy mud .
the count sold his house and his agent lost the land at a public auction .
the russian baritone sang the lead role and the violinist accompanied him in an inimitable way .
the architect designs the barracks and the colonel draws soldiers on the sketch .
the apprentice sanded the cupboard and the carpenter polished the railing of the spiral staircase .
joyce entered the office and the director appeared a little later to welcome her .
the boy welded the frame and the bicycle mechanic repaired the wire of the taillight .
the man forced the safe and the guard cracked the safe under duress .
the chef baked the croquette and the cook put an onion in the frying pan .
pete blows his nose and his neighbour rubs his eyes during the touching film .
the girl admired her knitting and her grandmother took the knots out of the wool .
the inspector calibrates the machine and the manufacturer checks everything with the computer .
the farmer ploughed his land and his servant took care of the garden behind the farm .
the runner completes the marathon and the coach crowns his career .
pete smoked his cigar and his grandfather grabbed a cigarette , despite the doctor 's warning .
the builder paves the platform and the butler sweeps the room after the big renovation .
charles mended the beach ball and the pool guest repaired his glasses after an accident with a windshield .
the prisoner sprained his wrist and his guard injured his thumb in a small fight .
peter whipped the cream and the cook broke the eggs for a delicious light dessert .
the plasterer coats the wall and the painter paints the hall of the new house .
the spy posted the letter and the recipient sent the envelope containing the secret documents .
the actor signed his book and his publisher initialled the contract .
hank eats his sandwich and his boss eats a croquette during the lunch break .
dick bought the clock and the nurse got the cupboard after grandpa died .
the student types up his essay and his teacher corrects the piece in the evening .
john signs the letter and the clerk signs the deed at the notary 's office .
the leader put out the campfire and the scout put out the fire in the bushes .
steve snitches the bike and the student steals a moped from the unguarded parking lot .
father fixed the chair and the carpenter upholstered the couch in the living room .
cousin frank trimmed the hedge and the gardener mowed the lawn as agreed .
the volunteer cut the tree and the forest ranger cut the wood in the forest .
the boy drank his beer and his mother sipped an expensive cocktail .
the mother grabbed the banana and the family help made dinner for the baby .
the husband wrote the letter and the cashier threw the envelope in the mailbag .
the composer rewrote the music and the singer made up a text to accompany the beautiful melody .
the tenant repairs the gutter and the plumber fixes the leak in the drain .
grandmother knits the hat and the neighbour hooks the jacket for her grandchild .
philip renovates his barn and his nephew builds a garage in his spare time .
franky empties the bucket and the collector shakes the contents of the box into the container .
the girl peels the apple and the greengrocer peels the tangerine for her girlfriend .
the boy prepares the chicken breast and the poulterer spices the meat with salt and pepper .
pia cancels her trip and her father exchanges the tickets for a voucher .
herb uncorks the wine and the bartender opens a bottle of cognac of a good brand .
the man prunes the rose bush and the grower picks an orchid in the tropical greenhouse .
the crook forged the signature and the accomplice tampered with the passport photo .
the worker disassembles the machine and the mechanic demolishes the pipes in the garage .
the servant brushes the window frame and the painter paints the door during the renovation .
the pianist plays the melody and the singer softly hums along with him .