the sheriff saw the indian , and the cowboy spotted the horse in the bushes .
the nurse cleans up the junkie , and the tramp washed her face reluctantly .
the hero hides the soldier , and the pilot buries his parachute in the bushes .
the tourist photographs the waiter , and the guide films the basilica during the cultural trip .
the actress despised her opponent , and her hairdresser heavily scolded his clumsy sidekick .
the doorman cursed his colleague , and his boss complained about the staff during the meeting .
the detective searched for the perpetrator , and the victim found help at the community center .
bill heard the pianist , and the singer listened to the orchestra in the main hall .
the sorcerer guards the king , and the princess protects the prince with her life .
the man lost his friend , and his girlfriend wasted her chance of happiness .
the traveler carries his daughter , and his son lifts the bag to the airport .
the toddler sees his friend , and his father looks at the picture at the day care .
the army defends the prime minister , and the king protects his people from a dictatorship .
the poet sings to the drunkard , and the wanderer praises the charm of the canals by night .
the producer replaced the actor , and the filmmaker changed the lens after the unsuccessful shooting .
the man caressed his child , and his wife stroked the dog during a picnic .
the police chased the thief , and the seller quickly looked for his lawyer 's number .
the medicine man treated the man , and the woman poured the oil over the strange mask .
pia photographed her uncle , and her boyfriend filmed the fishermen in the old harbor .
the priest sacrifices the slave , and the servant adorns the image of the deity .
the woman neglects her child , and her husband avoids the neighbours for fear of comment .
the policeman rescues the artist , and the attendant frees the people from the burning museum .
fred hated his roommate , and his landlady disgusted students from the province .
gaby searches for the baby , and the babysitter searches for a blue hat in the crowd .
the boy recognized the teacher , and the rector greeted everyone at the reception .
the boy hits the coachman , and the lackey throws the clumps of grass back on the ground .
the client applauded the designer , and the performer praised the courage of contemporary artists .
hank draws the boy , and the woman paints a portrait during the course .
the activist smeared the bodyguard , and the officer spilled coffee on his immaculate uniform .
the big idiot knocks the boy , and the girl shoves the train off the table .
the forest ranger saw the scoutmaster , and the scout found the remains of an extinguished campfire .
the sheriff protects the woman , and the farmer defends his property against the bandits .
john passed the prisoner , and the officer ran past the perimeter to raise the alarm .
jessica transports the baron , and the butler brings the travel bag to the hotel .
the winner hugs her sister , and her trainer embraces his father after the match .
the driver hit the cyclist , and the pedestrian bumped into a moped in terror .
the journalist denounces the mp , and the minister mocks the plan in the public debate .
the woman worships the pope , and the pastor admires the devotion of the pious lady .
the churchgoer admires the organist , and the preacher praises the choir in heaven .
the committee evaluates the contractor , and the architect whines about the slow progress .
harry ignored the burglar , and the guard slept in his chair when the couch was robbed .
the thief shot the jeweller , and the policeman chased the car on his motorcycle .
john spied on the superintendent , and the bricklayer didn't notice him until the gate was closed .
the composer judges the soloist , and the conductor judges the singer at rehearsal .
the mother washes her son , and her daughter cleans the aquarium at the weekend .
the employment office supplies the mechanic , and the chief pays the costs of the mediation .
the crook betrayed his boss , and his buddy revealed where the money was hidden .
the bishop blesses the sailor , and the captain prays for a safe passage .
the woman wronged the manager , and the director deceived the client with a obliging smile .
the mayor praises the teacher , and the alderman applauds the efforts of all the employees .
the witness describes the swindler , and the thief reveals the details during the interrogation .
the man neglects his mistress , and his wife completely ignores the crisis .
frank avoids the nurse , and the doctor shuns the head nurse after the failed surgery .
the gardener spies on the boy , and the maid lurks at the garage with the suspect car .
the pilgrim kisses the pope , and the cardinal greets the head of state at the solemn meeting .
billy admires the driver , and the conductor appreciates the interest of the little boy .
the soldier despises the civilian , and the sergeant detests the major of the village .
rudy disowns his husband , and his family never speaks of him again .
the critic mocks the weatherman , and the director laughs with shame at the new programme .
the teacher described her student , and her colleague mentioned the name of the institute .
